Change:

    "promote interaction": "Consolidated arguments from 'emotional support' and 'companion' into a concise description highlighting the role of socially assistive robots in fostering social interaction, emotional support, and companionship."
    "robotic assistance": "Incorporated arguments from 'help with attention' and 'help with depression' into a cohesive description of the robot's role in task efficiency and supporting mental health."
    "therapy success": "Expanded the description to include benefits for individuals with autism or related disorders and emphasized emotional attachment as a measure of therapy success."
    "haptics": "Enhanced the description to highlight the positive evaluation of lifelike tactile features in soft socially assistive robots, leading to higher acceptance."

Delete:

    "emotional support": "Merged into 'promote interaction' due to overlapping content."
    "companion": "Merged into 'promote interaction' to consolidate similar ideas."
    "help with attention": "Merged into 'robotic assistance' to streamline related content."
    "help with depression": "Merged into 'robotic assistance' due to overlapping content."
    "deterioration": "Removed as it was not relevant to perceived positive Human-Robot Interaction."
    "privacy": "Removed as it was not relevant to perceived positive Human-Robot Interaction."
    "efficiency": "Removed as it was redundant with the updated 'promote interaction.'"
    "communication": "Removed as it was not relevant to perceived positive Human-Robot Interaction."
    "lack of expertise": "Removed as it was not relevant to perceived positive Human-Robot Interaction."
    "benefit": "Removed as it was redundant with 'social contact.'"
    "acceptance": "Removed as it was redundant with 'haptics.'"
    "not insightful": "Removed as it was not relevant to perceived positive Human-Robot Interaction."
    "positive interaction": "Removed as it was redundant with 'individualized attention.'"
    "social interaction": "Removed as it was redundant with 'promote interaction.'"
    "disorders": "Removed as it was redundant with 'therapy success.'"
    "physicality": "Removed as it was redundant with 'haptics.'"

Add:

    "Natural Interactions": "Introduced to highlight the importance of human-like movements, gestures, and reactions in enhancing the realism and comfort of interactions with socially assistive robots."




Renamed manually the following category:
    promote interaction -> emotional support and social interaction
    robotic assistance -> Assistance and Cognitive Support