Change:
"loss of gestures": "Condensed the description and incorporated its arguments into 'emotional understanding' to streamline content."
"emotional understanding": "Condensed the description and integrated arguments from 'loss of gestures' for clarity and completeness."
"individual response": "Simplified the description, focusing on diverse preferences and comfort levels in physical closeness."
"dependence": "Condensed the description to emphasize the key benefits and risks of reliance on socially assistive robots."
"emotional dependence": "Expanded to include arguments about emotional replacement, blunting, and pseudo-relationships."
"technical knowledge": "Condensed the description and added concerns about communication barriers to highlight operational challenges."
"lack of humanity": "Condensed the description and incorporated arguments from 'impersonal' to emphasize the lack of personalized and empathetic interactions."

Delete:
"perceived negative HRI": "Removed as it overlaps with 'superficial interaction' in content and scope."
"loss of gestures": "Removed as its arguments were fully incorporated into 'emotional understanding'."
"older adults": "Removed as it overlaps with 'fear' in addressing apprehensions among older participants."
"dementia patients": "Removed as it overlaps with 'fear' in addressing apprehensions among dementia patients."
"emotional connection": "Removed as it overlaps with 'emotional dependence' in addressing emotional attachments."
"emotional replacement": "Removed as its themes were incorporated into 'emotional dependence'."
"impersonal": "Removed as its content was incorporated into 'lack of humanity'."
"lack of insight": "Removed as it overlaps with 'emotional understanding' in addressing emotional response concerns."
"The animal-like shape leads to fewer associations with human counterpart": "Removed as it overlaps with 'emotional support.'"

Add:
"superficial interaction": "Introduced to address concerns that robot interactions may feel insincere or lack depth compared to human connections, emphasizing the need for meaningful engagement."

Renamed manually the following category:
    emotional understanding -> lack of emotional understanding
    dependence -> Reliance and Trust