ChatGPT
Change:

    "durability": "Added concerns about material and production defects to the description to broaden its scope."
    "technical limitation": "Incorporated arguments about limited senses, orientation, navigation, and loss of control from 'reliability,' along with general limitations like handling complex environments and software errors."
    "accuracy": "Incorporated arguments from 'precision,' focusing on performance limitations and response accuracy in unique or unexpected scenarios."
    "safety": "Expanded to include concerns about the endangerment of human lives during emergency situations."
    "perceived risk": "Clarified that this code emphasizes emotional or subjective perceptions rather than concrete risks."
    "potential harm to victims": "Incorporated arguments from 'unintended actions,' focusing on harm due to malfunctions or unintended actions leading to injury or fatalities."
    "misidentification": "Expanded to include sensor failures and their critical impact on victim detection accuracy."
    "potential risk": "Added cybersecurity concerns to emphasize identifiable, factual dangers or vulnerabilities in real-world scenarios."

Delete:

    "not insightful": "Removed because it is not a meaningful code."
    "Error development": "Deleted as it overlaps with the expanded 'technical limitation' code."
    "reliability": "Deleted and its arguments were integrated into 'technical limitation.'"
    "unintended actions": "Deleted as its concerns were incorporated into 'potential harm to victims.'"
    "precision": "Deleted and its arguments were merged into 'accuracy.'"

Add:

    "Material": "Introduced to address physical and structural concerns, such as weaknesses in soft robots or design flaws impacting resilience and performance."



Renamed manually the following category/ies:
    technical limitation -> Technical Issues 
    potential harm to victims -> Potential Physical Harm
    Perceived Risk -> Subjective Concerns
    Potential Risks -> Objective Threats